CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

We welcome pull requests from everyone. 🎉

The following are a set of guidelines to follow when contributing to this project.

Our guidelines differ based on the type of change you are submitting: New feature vs Enhancement & Bug fix.


## Contributor license agreement

All third-party contributions to this project must be accompanied by a signed contributor
license agreement. This gives Adobe permission to redistribute your contributions
as part of the project. [Sign our CLA](http://opensource.adobe.com/cla.html). You
only need to submit an Adobe CLA one time, so if you have submitted one previously,
you are good to go!


## Bug Fix Process

All submissions should come in the form of pull requests and need to be reviewed by the AEP Web SDK's Core team.

Describe the bug you are fixing, and list the steps to reproduce it.


## New Feature Process

Every new feature change starts with a technical/prd document. 

If you are an internal contributor, start by creating a Wiki and reach out to the AEP Web SDK's Product team to discuss your proposal.

If you are an external contributor, start by creating a Github issue and describing your feature in details. Assign the ticket to https://github.com/jfkhoury.

Once the feature has been approved by Product, here what happens next:

- Add detailed architecture and design to the technical document. (This document will be shared with the doc writers at Adobe, so make it as detailed as possible)
- Share your changes with the AEP Web SDK team for design discussions and approval.
- Once the design has been approved, you can go ahead and start the development work, while we share the technical doc with the writers for public documentation.
- Break down your PR into manageable and readable PRs, and multiple clear commits.
- You need 3 approvals from the Core Web SDK team to get your PR approved.
- If you and the Core team cannot agree over a specific concern with the code, Joe (https://github.com/jfkhoury) will be the tie breaker.
    - We encourage and enjoy open minded, deep discussions on this team. Try your best to propose a design that the whole team agrees with.


## Pull Request Approval Process

We do our best to keep on top of all the pull requests. We may suggest some changes, improvements or alternatives.

Things to add to your pull request:

- Write a thorough pull request description, include screenshots. Describe your bug fix and why it's needed/important in the pull request description.
- Write out your test cases in as much detail as possible. PRs without tests will not be reviewed.
- Make sure the PR merges cleanly with the latest main.
- 3 approvals from the Web SDK core team are required to consider your PR approved.

Commit message:

Update CONTRIBUTING.md to explain ownership

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

We welcome pull requests from everyone. 🎉

The following are a set of guidelines to follow when contributing to this project.

Our guidelines differ based on the type of change you are submitting: New feature vs Enhancement & Bug fix.


## Contributor license agreement

All third-party contributions to this project must be accompanied by a signed contributor
license agreement. This gives Adobe permission to redistribute your contributions
as part of the project. [Sign our CLA](http://opensource.adobe.com/cla.html). You
only need to submit an Adobe CLA one time, so if you have submitted one previously,
you are good to go!


## Bug Fix Process

All submissions should come in the form of pull requests and need to be reviewed by the AEP Web SDK's Core team.

Describe the bug you are fixing, and list the steps to reproduce it.


## New Feature Process

Every new feature change starts with a technical/prd document. 

If you are an internal contributor, start by creating a Wiki and reach out to the AEP Web SDK's Product team to discuss your proposal.

If you are an external contributor, start by creating a Github issue and describing your feature in details. Assign the ticket to https://github.com/jfkhoury.

#### Once the feature has been approved by Product, here what happens next:

- Add detailed architecture and design to the technical document. (This document will be shared with the doc writers at Adobe, so make it as detailed as possible)
- Share your changes with the AEP Web SDK team for design discussions and approval.
- Once the design has been approved, you can go ahead and start the development work, while we share the technical doc with the writers for public documentation.
- Break down your PR into manageable and readable PRs, and multiple clear commits.
- You need 3 approvals from the Core Web SDK team to get your PR approved.
- If you and the Core team cannot agree over a specific concern with the code, Joe (https://github.com/jfkhoury) will be the tie breaker.
    - We encourage and enjoy open minded, deep discussions on this team. Try your best to propose a design that the whole team agrees with.
 
#### Ownership

As a contributor, you are not expected to own this feature in case there were bugs or enhancement requests in the future. 

The AEP Web SDK core team will own it. For this to work though, we need few things from you:

- As mentioned in the previous section, we need a detailed technical documents explaining the feature and architecture.
- We need to have as many conversations as needed by the AEP Web SDK core team to fully understand and approve the design.
- We need to have as many conversations as needed by the AEP Web SDK core team to fully understand and approve the code.



## Pull Request Approval Process

We do our best to keep on top of all the pull requests. We may suggest some changes, improvements or alternatives.

Things to add to your pull request:

- Write a thorough pull request description, include screenshots. Describe your bug fix and why it's needed/important in the pull request description.
- Write out your test cases in as much detail as possible. PRs without tests will not be reviewed.
- Make sure the PR merges cleanly with the latest main.
- 3 approvals from the Web SDK core team are required to consider your PR approved.
